In the AWS Management Console, we can go to the IAM section for
Identity and Access Management and then click on Roles.
And from here, we'll need to create a new role for our Lambda function. Because
we want the trusted entity to be a Lambda function, we'll click Lambda here and
then click Next: Permissions. From there, we'll need to specify what policies we
want attached to our Lambda function.
So I'm going to search for some premade manage policies from
AWS for the Simple Email Service, SES.
I'm going to use the FullAccess policy in this case. Though, if we wanted to,
we could go in here and create a new policy that was specifying
only the methods that we need to send email.
This will just be a little bit easier for right now.
So after I've checked this off,
I can go back to filter for more policies, and let's
look for the S3 policies that we need.
Now, I could use either the S3FullAccess policy or the S3ReadOnlyAccess policy.
In this case,
I'm going to stick with FullAccess so that if later on you
want to update your function to do more,
like write to S3, you'll be able to do that as well.
So, after I check this off, I should be able to go back and find one more policy.
I'm going to look for LambdaBasicExecutionRole,
and you'll see this as a managed policy, as well as other policies
that are associated with particular functions.
If you wanted to, you could compare these two different policies,
scroll down and see what the permissions are in each of those. Now
in the specific policy for one specific function, it's specifically
allocated to the function's name and the resources that are
affiliated with that function.
But in this case,
we haven't created the function yet, so we're going to need to stick with
this managed policy of AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole,
and that should have broad enough for permissions to allow
us to put logs to Amazon CloudWatch.
So once we've checked that off too, we can click Next:
Tags and Next: Review. Just on this page,
make sure that you're looking at the policies that are associated with this
role and that they include the SESFullAccess policy, the S3FullAccess
policy, and the AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole policy.
Once you're sure that those are there, go ahead and click the Role name.
And I'm going to be really particular with how a title my role
because later on I'm going to use this inside of the AWS CLI and need
to be able to refer to it by name. So I'm going to use gpc, for
Globomantics Pet Care, _cuckoo_role.
Now, if you're not using this name,
just make sure that you copy down the exact name that you're
using so you can replace this value later on in some of the
commands that we'll be running.
So now I'm going to click Create role.
And now that this role is created,
we should be able to use it later on to create our Lambda function and
configure it to access those services. So let's go ahead and test out our function code now, back over in VS Code.